release: v1.25.0 (#11436)
filecoin-project/lotus: CHANGELOG.md

# Lotus changelog

# v 1.25.0 / 2023-11-22

> This is an optional feature release of Lotus. This optional release supports the Filecoin network version 21 upgrade, codenamed Watermelon 🍉, in addition to the numerous improvements and enhancements for node operators, ETH RPC-providers and storage providers.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This is a highly recommended feature release of Lotus. This optional release supports the Filecoin network version 21 upgrade, codenamed Watermelon 🍉, in addition to the numerous improvements and enhancements for node operators, ETH RPC-providers and storage providers.
```

**The Filecoin network upgrade v21, codenamed Watermelon 🍉, is at epoch 3469380 - 2023-12-12T13:30:00Z**

> The full list of [protocol improvements delivered in the network upgrade can be found here](https://github.com/filecoin-project/core-devs/blob/master/Network%20Upgrades/v21.md).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The full list of [protocol improvements delivered in the network upgrade can be found here](https://github.com/filecoin-project/core-devs/blob/master/Network%20Upgrades/v21.md). Please checkout v1.24.0's release note for more details about nv21 minimal release!
```
